Both readings present the idea of "not knowing", or removing the notion of "expert" as a key component to facilitating creativity. From your perspective, what are the benefits of putting aside the ideas of "expert" and "novice" in a creative setting? What are the challenges?

There some benefits of not knowing and removing the notion of an expert. First, it is good for education when students learn wide knowledge. Because of the difficulty of the instruments, students sometimes give up their prototyping. Even if students cannot understand how to use the instruments and software, they can make a prototype very quickly. It expands the student’s ideas. Second, it allows us to collaborate easily. For example, there are some engineering people who are good at programming and there are some art students who are not good at programing. If there are easy programing software like scratch, art students can provide their sense of art to the prototype when they are going to collaborate to make digital art with programming. Sharing ideas is one of the bottlenecks and if they participate in cording and share their ideas, they can share their idea easily. 

There some challenges for the idea of “not knowing” or removing the notion of ”experts”. If we have done something, knowing an expert is sometimes essential. For example, when we have to make complicated fabrication like architecture that people live. It is difficult to make these structures with simple CAD. In addition, even exist software which allows easy to manipulate without knowing, sometimes some people are difficult to use these.  
