Based on our discussion of creative practice, describe, from your perspective, the benefits in-the-wild evaluation offers as a way to understand the opportunities and limits of a creative tool or technology?
 What are the limitations or challenges? Why do you think in-the-wild evaluation is rare in HCI research overall?


From my perspective, in-the-wild evaluation provides some advantages but it has also limitation and challenges. At the point of advantage, first, when we evaluate the adaptation and its applications of the wide-spreading product, we can know how much rate of people know and get knowledge of what they are using it for. Second, we can compare the adaptation and way of using it with past similar products. In this paper, they compared Lily-Pad and Arduino. After that, they clarified how Lily-Pad is specifically used and the difference of Lily-pad.

We also have limitations or challenges in in-the-wild evaluation. First, the object that we are going to investigate has to be well-known products or items, otherwise, we cannot investigate because many people do not know. In this case, they observed Lily-pad which is well known for the maker's community. Second, when we investigate products or items in in-the-wild evaluation, we need to select community carefully. Because the result has bias depending on the community that the authors chose. For example, in the case of this paper, they chose a community in which people know hardware and fabrications. When we chose different communities like the psychology group, they definitely do not know what the Lily-pad is.

I think in the HCI research it is difficult to investigate in-the-wild evaluation because the short percent of people make the actual products. As I described, if we have any community that knows about the objective products, we have no way to conduct the in-the-wild evaluation. Most of the HCI research that I observed was making novel systems or hardware and they conducted user studies. Most of them are difficult to sell because of complicated system configurations.   
