 The assigned readings showcase three strategies for informing the design of technologies: ethnograpy, collaborative making, and autobiographical design. Describe the strengths and limitations of these different strategies as you see them.

## Collaborative making

In the paper, the authors had a workshop to collaborate designing and making ostrich eggshell jewelry craft in Namibia. The strength to work with different ethnic is to share the ideas between different cultural people. In the paper, they share the priority of value when they make jewelry. Through communication, we can share different and important ideas between people from different cultures. Next, we can learn a lot of good social aspects of collaborative activity. The paper described that the ethnic group in Namibia does not have a hierarchy. In our society, hierarchy is one of the barriers of collaboration. On the other hand, we also have a limitation when we collaborate with a different ethnic group. First, language and cultural differences are the barriers in collaborating settings. In addition, there is some difficulty in translating design ideas. The ethnic group has a non-digital background and the author’s background is digital background so that they sometimes had difficulty sharing the ideas.

## Autobiographical design

In the paper, the authors DIY the cellphone with autobiographical design and they had a workshop for the designers and public. The strength when they use autobiographical design is that we can pick the right electronic component automatically and even they have no expertise in design certain tool; the software automatically suggested the design. However, there are some limitations in autobiographical design. First, there are constraints of available technology. When we think about the product, we need to think about the robustness, attractive form, cost, and a number of processes to produce. However, because of the technology limitation, these considerations are sometimes shortage. We need to consider a gap between prototyping (rapid exploration of the design space) and production (robust, reproductive devices) ourselves.

## Ethnograpy

In the paper, the authors described the eighteen months ethnography of timber framing at a tiny house constriction program in Port, Townsend, Washington. As a strength of the ethnography, it is able to learn the knowledge and lessons based on their experience per area. For example, when they build houses, we need to know the material’s life to make houses robust for long years and there are legible textures that show the material (wood) was used to the different things in the past. These lessons make the construction strong and allow us to make a house with better features. On the other hand, there are some limitations to ethnography. When we create something new, this knowledge disturbs the new creation. For example, when we want to create a novel building, because of the lessons, we can not use certain materials then it would happen that we are not able to make novel construction of the house.  
